For Gsb might be able to recognize some Ey binding sites even in the absence of its homeodomain, and binding of Gsb to Ey might depend on both its paired domain and C-terminal portion.  PKA phosphorylation of adducin reduced activity of adducin in association with spectrin-actin complexes and in promoting binding of spectrin to F-actin.  It is hard to imagine how ADF binding to an actin monomer could increase the rate of its thermally driven collision with a filament end.  H2A-H2B stabilizes binding of NAP-1 to p300.  A cadherin mutant unable to bind PS1 is not cleaved by the PS1/gamma-secretase activity To examine whether PS1 binding to E-cadherin is necessary for the PS1/gamma-secretase cleavage, we used E-cadherin mutant GGG759-761AAA ( Thoreson et al., 2000).  Tnfr1 and Tnfr2 bind Tnfα and Tnfβ with similar high equilibrium affinity, but they differ significantly in their Tnfα binding kinetics; Tnfα bound to Tnfr2 is exchanged at a significantly faster rate than when complexed with Tnfr1 (9, 10, 11, 12).  EGF-like rpts, epidermal growth factor-like repeats; L/N rpts, Lin12/Notch repeats; CDC, CDC10/Ankyrin repeats; OPA, Glutamine-rich sequence; Dab, Disabled; Dx, Deltex; Dsh, Dishevelled; H, Hairless (exact binding site is not known).  Apart from nonimmune controls, we studied the c-jun promoter and found no binding of p300 and SAF-A to this site.  Clearly, the demonstration that PS predominantly binds mature Nct additionally questions the existence of the spatial paradox.  The demonstration that Axin binds GSK-3 and beta-catenin and promotes GSK-3 phosphorylation of beta-catenin suggested that Axin might be the target of the dnXgsk-3.  In complex with the drug FK506, FKBP12 binds calcineurin, inhibiting calcineurin's phosphatase activity and thus its ability to activate the transcription factor NF-AT in the T-cell receptor signal transduction pathway ( 170).  Still other mechanisms are likely to be highly receptor-specific: the binding of NHERF to the β2-adrenergic receptor and the binding of Homer to metabotropic glutamate receptors, for example, depend on the presence of precise motifs that are likely to be found in few other heptahelical receptors, although other receptors are likely to contain slightly modified motifs that mediate binding to other specific PDZ or polyproline-binding domains.