We reported previously that drebrin inhibits the actin-binding activities of tropomyosin and α-actinin (Ishikawa et al., 1994), both of which are known to stabilize actin filaments by protecting them from severance caused by gelsolin (Ishikawa et al., 1989a,b) and actin-depolymerizing factor (Bernstein and Bamburg, 1982). When calmodulin is added, the inhibition of fascin-actin interaction by caldesmon and TM becomes Ca2+ dependent because Ca2+/calmodulin blocks actin binding of caldesmon. EH domains from Eps15 and Eps15R bind to NPF-containing peptides This led us to investigate if (and to demonstrate that) Foxa2 binds Lim1 and Gsc. Highly homologous to Pontin52, Reptin52 likewise binds beta-catenin and TBP. To elucidate the biological significance of NE-dlg-calmodulin interaction in a neuronal cell, we attempted to identify another cellular protein that binds to the region near the calmodulin binding site of NE-dlg by two-hybrid screening using a human brain cDNA library as the prey. Finally, to confirm the binding of the AP-2 protein to the RB target site of the bcl-2 promoter, gel shift assays were performed in the presence of two specific anti-AP-2 antibodies ( 4). (C) Adf-1 binds the same regions of TAFII110 and TAFII250 in vivo as it does in vitro. The sequence PSRPNR is clearly not required for the binding of dynamin I to the SH3 domain of PLC-γ, in agreement with previous results indicating that PLC-γ and the p85 subunit of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase bind to an amino acid sequence upstream of this region (amino acids 778–795) (15, 36). TPA directly binds PKC, causing an increase in PKC's affinity for calcium and the stimulation of enzymatic activity. The MKP-3 EB domain binding to ERK2 was not dependent upon ERK2 phosphorylation in our NMR titration experiments, consistent with the previous study of MKP-3 and ERK2 binding with a GST pulldown assay (Camps et al., 1998 ). First, endogenous AT3 binds to CBP, p300, and PCAF coactivators and when overexpressed regulates CBP/p300- and PCAF-dependent transcription, indicating that AT3 normally interacts with key transcriptional regulators and therefore is in a position to regulate transcription. Concomitant with increased GSK3beta activity, relative levels of KLC phosphorylation were increased, and the amount of kinesin-I bound to MBOs was reduced. To determine whether LIN-7 and LIN-10 can simultaneously bind to LIN-2 to form a ternary complex, we immunoprecipitated the complex with anti-LIN-10 antibodies. The incomplete WT p50csk inhibition of FN-stimulated signaling events in the FAK1 cells is consistent with studies performed in NIH 3T3 fibroblasts where direct FN-stimulated FAK-mediated phosphorylation of Shc can promote Grb2 binding and signaling to ERK2 under conditions of inhibited Src PTK activity (Schlaepfer et al., 1998). E2Fs bind directly to Rb, p107, and p130, and we have previously shown that these proteins are components of the transcription complexes formed on E2F target promoters in vivo ( 49). AAK1 localizes to regions active in endocytosis AAK1 binds directly to AP2. Both these regions of p300/CBP bind to the transactivation domain of Ets-2, whereas the C-terminal region binds only to the DNA binding domain of Ets-2. The accumulation of DephrindeltaC-term around axons suggests that Dephrin may bind to DEph. Other cytoskeletal proteins, such as spectrin, do not interfere with ankyrin binding to Tiam1 ( Fig 4A and Fig B, Fig c). Karyopherin beta2 (Kapbeta2, transportin) binds the M9 sequence of human ribonucleoprotein A1 and mediates its nuclear import. The relative amount of Ym1 bound by di-GlcN is apparently less in contrast to that bound by heparin. Inhibin also binds to ActRII through its beta subunit, competes with the binding of activin to ActRII, but fails to form the ActRII SKR2 complex. The results suggest unanticipated roles for this region in actin binding to myosin, tropomyosin, and possibly troponin. These results demonstrate that Sp1 and Sp3 can both bind to the Sp1 consensus sequence in the IGF-II promoter. Characterization of IP4 binding to GST-STII-C2B and GST-STIII-C2Bα-loopβ7-8. It is noteworthy that GSK-3beta bound to beta-catenin only when FWD1 was co-transfected (Figure 3A, lane 2). Efficient binding of DDP1 to the dodeca-satellite C strand depends on the length of the DNA substrate. However, since we previously showed that SRF binding to each of the CArG boxes is mutually exclusive ( 53), it is likely that a single intact CArG box is also sufficient to support bFGF-mediated activation. Pins nearly completely abolishes the binding between Galphai and Gbeta13F. Alternatively, auxilin might bind much more weakly to Hsc70 in ADP than ATP. Hence, we speculated that p140mDia might bind to profilin. Drosophila CBP acetylates a conserved lysine in the Armadillo-binding domain of Drosophila TCF, which lowers the affinity of Armadillo binding to dTCF ( Waltzer and Bienz, 1998). Although we observed no trans-interaction between TAG-1 and L1-CAM in our S2 cell aggregation experiment shown in Fig. 2, we considered that a weak trans-interaction between TAG-1 and L1-CAM expressed by two different cells might be responsible for the observed induction of ankyrin binding to L1-CAM. Comparison of the Kapp values in the absence of agonist versus those in the presence of agonist suggests that CrV binding strongly favors the desensitized conformation of the AChR because this is the conformation stabilized by agonists at equilibrium. A more pronounced increase in [3] GABA binding to Hydra membranes was apparent in the presence of general anaesthetics ( Fig. 1A). It was found to bind to collagen type I, but collagen preincubated in a dot blot assay with heparin did not bind any longerR to APP. poly( dC)-agarose; lane 3, DADA mutant protein bound to poly( dI). However, not all SM proteins directly bind to syntaxins, and no decrease in Sso1p/2p is observed in Sec1p null mutants in yeast. Sema3A binds neuropilin-1 and then activates plexin-A1. NAD(H) binds to dI, and NADP(H) binds to dIII; these two components protrude from the membrane (into the bacterial cytoplasm or mitochondrial matrix). Black et al. ( 22) propose that Nxt1 binds directly to Crm1 and functions to deliver the export complex to a site on the cytoplasmic side of the NPC. An oligonucleotide with both GAGAG548 and GAGA558 mutated (55/56 M3) does not bind GAF (lane 5). This interaction is transient and requires both PIP2 binding to vinculin and activation of the Arp2/3 complex by Rac1. For Gsb might be able to recognize some Ey binding sites even in the absence of its homeodomain, and binding of Gsb to Ey might depend on both its paired domain and C-terminal portion. PKA phosphorylation of adducin reduced activity of adducin in association with spectrin-actin complexes and in promoting binding of spectrin to F-actin. It is hard to imagine how ADF binding to an actin monomer could increase the rate of its thermally driven collision with a filament end. H2A-H2B stabilizes binding of NAP-1 to p300. A cadherin mutant unable to bind PS1 is not cleaved by the PS1/gamma-secretase activity To examine whether PS1 binding to E-cadherin is necessary for the PS1/gamma-secretase cleavage, we used E-cadherin mutant GGG759-761AAA ( Thoreson et al., 2000). Tnfr1 and Tnfr2 bind Tnfα and Tnfβ with similar high equilibrium affinity, but they differ significantly in their Tnfα binding kinetics; Tnfα bound to Tnfr2 is exchanged at a significantly faster rate than when complexed with Tnfr1 (9, 10, 11, 12). EGF-like rpts, epidermal growth factor-like repeats; L/N rpts, Lin12/Notch repeats; CDC, CDC10/Ankyrin repeats; OPA, Glutamine-rich sequence; Dab, Disabled; Dx, Deltex; Dsh, Dishevelled; H, Hairless (exact binding site is not known). Apart from nonimmune controls, we studied the c-jun promoter and found no binding of p300 and SAF-A to this site. Clearly, the demonstration that PS predominantly binds mature Nct additionally questions the existence of the spatial paradox. The demonstration that Axin binds GSK-3 and beta-catenin and promotes GSK-3 phosphorylation of beta-catenin suggested that Axin might be the target of the dnXgsk-3. In complex with the drug FK506, FKBP12 binds calcineurin, inhibiting calcineurin's phosphatase activity and thus its ability to activate the transcription factor NF-AT in the T-cell receptor signal transduction pathway ( 170). Still other mechanisms are likely to be highly receptor-specific: the binding of NHERF to the β2-adrenergic receptor and the binding of Homer to metabotropic glutamate receptors, for example, depend on the presence of precise motifs that are likely to be found in few other heptahelical receptors, although other receptors are likely to contain slightly modified motifs that mediate binding to other specific PDZ or polyproline-binding domains. Therefore, we examined the binding of Raf-1 to Ras in the Spry cell lines ( 28). Rapid regulation of Cdk5 activity could occur by increased binding of free p35 to monomeric Cdk5, particularly as the generally low cytoplasmic levels of p35 (30,54) are under strict regulation, with rapid p35 turnover (half-life 20–30 min) controlled by a ubiquitin-proteasome pathway (27). It is clear, however, that only a small fraction of TLN binds PS1 under steady-state conditions (Figure 1E), indicating that the interaction is functional and not structural. Removal of the last three base pairs of dV has no measurable effect on the overall thermal stability of the lariat, nor, in the absence of the exon, any detectable influence on the DMS modification pattern of that molecule except at position A165 in the ζ receptor motif [in transcripts lacking dV, this base becomes significantly more accessible at saturating concentrations of the 3'dE5 molecule (see Results), which suggests that it could be involved in the cooperative binding of dV and the 5' exon by dI]. Therefore, an initial recruitment of Sp1 may also facilitate the binding of Ets-1. However, the possibility existed that RBP binding may occlude the TFIID complex, thereby resulting in repression in the wild-type case and relief from repression in the RBP/Sp1 case in which RBP is distanced from the TATA box. The data presented in this study clearly show that I-DOX binds specifically to TTR amyloid fibrils in tissues from patients with FAP. Mab-1 inhibited binding of DREF to DRE-P, and Mab-4 supershifted the band with DRE-P ( 23, 33) (Fig. 7B, lanes 1 - 4). Activation of p53 Sequence-Specific DNA Binding by Acetylation of the p53 C-Terminal Domain. Despite the fact that the K3 mutation does not abolish ribosome binding, the deleterious effect of this mutation on kinase activity in vivo probably reflects a compound defect in ribosome association and tRNA binding by GCN2. SMAD-induced transcriptional stimulation is inhibited by an E1A protein that binds p300/CBP but not by an E1A protein unable to bind p300/CBP in two different cell lines treated with TGF-beta. As expected, HP1 specifically bound to the H3 tail peptide methylated at K9 (Fig. 5B). These membrane lipids bind to the actin-binding domains of AC ( Yonezawa et al 1991a, Kusano et al 1999) and are capable of inhibiting AC binding to actin in vitro. After transfection of vectors expressing MUC1 and GSK3beta, 293 cells were subjected to immunoprecipitation with anti-MUC1 and the precipitates were analyzed for binding of MUC1 to beta-catenin. Binding of Cdc20 and Cdh1 to the APC is differentially regulated. Thus, the binding of Porc with Wg appears to be necessary for the stimulation of the N-glycosylation of Wg. Furthermore, it has been shown that GSK-3beta phosphorylates APC and that the phosphorylation enhances the binding of APC to beta-catenin ( 37). While a highly purified preparation of TFII-I bound to an intact Inr element (Fig. 2B, lane 2), the binding of TFII-I to the mutant Inr probe is nearly abrogated (about fivefold less as revealed by densitometric measurements) (Fig. 2B, lane 5). Full-length p21, which binds to both Cdk-cyclin and PCNA, effectively inhibits DNA replication (Fig. 7 A), whereas GST control protein is not inhibitory. To confirm the specificity for interaction between EID-1 and Rb in vivo, we tested the binding of endogenous Rb to wild-type EID-1 versus the C180G mutation in transfected mammalian cells.
